I chose Logistic Regression due to the fact that this is a binary classification task, 
where the target variable has two classes and the algorithm is supposed to classify the customers into churning 
or non-churning categories. It is simple to implement, quick to train and easily interpretable.

Accuracy can be described as the number of correct predictions made by the model divided by the total number of predictions.
For instance, where the model makes 90 accurate predictions on 100 customers:
Accuracy = 90/100 = 90%
This accuracy should be obtained from the output generated by the train.py program.

Precision determines how many of the predicted customers who are expected to churn do actually churn.
For instance, when we say that 20 customers are predicted by the model and out of them, 15 churn:
Precision = 15/20 = 75%
Higher the precision, lesser would be the false positives churn predictions.

Recall gives the number of customers that actually churned and have been correctly identified by the model.
For instance, if there were 20 actual churning customers and the model has managed to identify 16 of them, then:
Recall = 16/20 = 80%
A high recall shows that the model is efficient in detecting actual churning customers.

Overfitting occurs when the model fits the training data too closely rather than fitting to patterns that 
will be useful for future datasets. This will result in the model performing very well on the training dataset
but not performing well on the test dataset.

I will make the following improvements to enhance my machine learning model:
->Apply more data points that are representative of the population.
->Perform a thorough data cleaning on the available data points.
->Generate more predictive features based on the current features.
->Consider the use of alternative classification algorithms like Random Forest or Gradient Boosting.
->Optimize hyperparameters.
->Cross validation.
->Test for class imbalances if there are many churn and non-churn customers.
->Evaluation of multiple models based on accuracy, precision, and recall.